begin by testing your subfloor for any
moisture with the correct moisture meter
in our case as subfloor is wood so the
reading must be 16% MC or below simply
sweep the subfloor to remove any dirt
and dust to ensure the floor is free
from contamination a straight edge
should be used to check the subfloor is
even if the sub floor is uneven you
should use self levelling compound or
plywood depending on your subfloor site
roll your underlay out score with
scissors along any walls cut to size
with scissors and lay flat once
completed your room should look like
this you will need to cut the male part
of the click system off so the expansion
gap is not compromised
now the board has a straightedge you can
position the board in place leaving 10
to 12 millimeters expansion gap fit
spaces to store the board from moving
making sure the expansion gap is correct
as before cut off the male part of the
click system to the same size measure
the gap for the next board measure out
the next plank that make sure you deduct
the expansion gap amount using a set
square continue to across the plank to
give you a straight line follow the line
that has been marked out across the face
of the plank onto the back using a set
square to ensure a straight line is made
position the plank facedown and cut
along the line you have marked out
place the plank in position and use the
floor spaces to give the correct
expansion gap against the walls cut the
end off the next plank to stagger the
joints and click into place
instead of using a tape measure you can
flip over the board and mark where to
cut not forgetting to leave an expansion
cap once cuts flick the board into
position
continue installing the following rows
cut planks accordingly staggering the
joints again use floor spaces to allow
the correct expansion gap around the
room
when reaching the opposite wall you'll
need to fill in the space measure the
gap remember not forget to deduct the
expansion gap
click the board in place continue along
the road
you
your completed floor should look
something like this